To read:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1517582/what-is-the-difference-between-statically-typed-and-dynamically-typed-languages
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17253545/scripting-language-vs-programming-language
https://cs.lmu.edu/~ray/notes/paradigms/
Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript
codekata practice





3.
OBJECT:
           An object is an element (or instance) of a class; objects have the behaviors of their class. The object is the actual component of programs,
while the class specifies how instances are created and how they behave.An object has state (data) and behavior (code).
An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value.
 That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.
 
  OBJECTS and PROPERTIES:
    1.A JavaScript object has properties associated with it. You access the properties of an object with a simple dot-notation
          Eg. objectName.propertyName
    2.You can define a property by assigning it a value.
          Eg.var myCar = new Object();
              myCar.make = 'Ford';
    3.Unassigned properties of an object are undefined (not null).



2.Difference between HTTP 1.1  VS  HTTP 2

HTTP 1.1:
Developed by Timothy Berners-Lee in 1989.
HTTP/1.1 came to existence in 1997. 
It is a TCP/IP based protocol.
TCP helps  to establish and maintain a network conversation by which applications can exchange data.
TCP works with the Internet Protocol (IP), which defines how computers send packets of data to each other.
HTTP is a network delay sensitive protocol in the sense that if there is less network delay, then the page loads faster.

HTTP 2:
HTTP/2 was developed by the HTTP Working Group of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).
I came into existence from 2015. 
it is a SPDY based Protocol.
SPDY manipulates HTTP traffic, with particular goals of reducing web page load latency and improving web security.
HTTP2 is much faster and more reliable than HTTP1.
HTTP2 avoids network delay by using multiplexing.
